Add update asset tutorial (#272)
vegaprotocol/documentation: docs/tutorials/proposals/update-asset-proposal.md

---
sidebar_position: 4

> title: Update an asset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Propose asset update
```

hide_title: false
vega_network: TESTNET
keywords:
  - proposal
  - governance
  - updateAsset
tags:
  - governance
  - asset
---

import NetworkParameter from '@site/src/components/NetworkParameter';
import JSONInstructions from './_json-instructions.md';
import TerminalInstructions from './_terminal-instructions.md';
import UpdateAssetAnnotated from './_generated-proposals/_updateAsset_annotated.md';
import UpdateAssetJSON from './_generated-proposals/_updateAsset_json.md';
import UpdateAssetCMD from './_generated-proposals/_updateAsset_cmd.md';
import UpdateAssetWin from './_generated-proposals/_updateAsset_win.md';
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Propose an update to an asset

> Some of the properties on an asset can be changed through governance. Important fields such as the underlying contract, name and symbol cannot be changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the properties of an asset can be changed through governance. Those fields are: withdrawal and deposit limits, and the asset's quantum.

The underlying contract, asset name and symbol cannot be changed.
```
